CHAIN LINK OUT OF THE BOX FEATURES

Chainlink Data Feeds - Powering over $50 billion in the DeFi world. 
The way they work is a network of chain link nodes gets data from different exchanges and
data providers and brings that data through a network of decentralized chain link
nodes, the chain link nodes use a median to figure out what the actual price of the
asset is, and then deliver that in a single transaction to what's called a
reference contract, a price feed contract or a data contract on chain that other
smart contracts can use. And then those smart contracts use that pricing information
to power their defy applivation.

Chainlink VRF - Securing Randomness for your applications, blockchains are deterministic
systems, which by definition means that they can't have randomness. 
Chainlink verifiable randomness function is a way to get provably random number 
into our smart contract to guarantee fairness and guarantee randomness of applications. 
Many protocols like pool together xinfinity, ether cards, avocado cheese and 
more use chainlink VRF for lotteries, randomizing NFT's for gaming and for more.

Chainlink Keepers - Decentralized Event-Driven Execution - in order to kick off
some type of transaction, somebody needs to spend the gas and somebody needs to
sit down and hit the go button or hit the transact button ort hit the send button.
But this is obviously a centralized vector. If you have a decentralized application
that needs to run at specific times, or after specific events are triggered.

Chainlink keepers are the solution to this, Chainlink keepers are chain link
nodes that listen to a registration contract for different events that you
specify to fire. Maybe you say every 10 minutes, you want to do something or once a week
do something or if the price of asset hits some number, 
or maybe liquidity pool is at a certain level, whatever event that you want to code, 
you absolutely can the chain link nodes constantly listen for these triggers to happen 
and check the different contracts for these triggers. 
Once a trigger returns true, the chain link nodes will then perform whatever action 
that you tell the chain link nodes to do.

End-to-end Reliability Is The Promise of Smart Contracts(most customizable, but also the 
hardest to get correct) - making HTTP GET HTTP POST request is an easy way to customize our 
chain link nodes to be able to do anything. 
Chain link nodes can make direct request to any API that you specify. 
In order to do this, you both have to choose the chain link node  and the URL/ data to send the request to, 
this is a little bit trickier then chain link VRF keepers or price feeds because 
you then have to be responsible for creating the chain link network 
that gets data from many different chain link nodes and many 
different data providers.